# module_5_challenge
Module 5 Challenge - pandas plotting for Pymaceuticals, Inc. 
The company has tasked me with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study.
Also, to generate a top-level summary of the study results.
# Code Source
Jupyter code (pymaceuticals.ipynb) within Pymaceuticals folder.
# Prepare the Data
Imported necessary libraries, loaded the data, and explored and cleaned the data. (Added Numpy libraries for data manipulation)
Merged mouse_metadata and study_results into a single DataFrame.
Displayed number of mice_count and the data associated with the duplicate mouse ID.
Created clean_df for unique mouse ID and displyed unique_mice. 
# Generate Summary Statistics
Calculated mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume using statistical methods to calculate the properties for each of the drug regimen.
Assembled the resulting series into summary_df and displayed results.
Used aggregation method to generate a summary statistics table of mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume for each drug regimen. 
Displayed aggregation method results.
# Create Bar Charts and Pie Charts
Created a Pandas bar chart and pyplot bar chart showing number of observed mouse timepoints by drug regimen.
Created a Pandas pie chart and pyplot pie chart showing the distribution of unique female versus male mice used in the study.
# Calculate Quartiles, Find Outliers, and Create a Box Plot
Calculated the final tumor volume of each mouse across gour of the most promising treatment regimens: Capomulin, Ramicane, Infubinol, and Ceftamin.
Calculated the quartiles and IQR, and determine the upper and lower outliers for the promising treatment regimens.
Printed the outliers results for the promising treatment regimens.
Generated a box plot that shows the distribution of the final tumor volume for all the mice in each treatment group.
# Create a Line Plot and a Scatter Plot
Selected mouse ID u364 to generate a line plot of tumor volume versus time point for that mouse.
Generated a scatter plot of mouse weight versus average observed tumor volume for the entire Capomulin treatment regimen.
# Calculate Correlation and Regression
Calculated the correlation coefficient and linear regresssion model between mouse weight and average observed tumor volume for the entier Capomulin treatment regimen.
Ploted the linear regression model on top of the previous scatter plot. 
# Submission: Summary of the Study results
Within pymaceuticals.ipynb at the top of notebook to find summary of the study results.
# References:
Data generated by MockarooLinks to an external site., LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator. Used google for np.arange and drop_duplicate uses and functions, accessed January 2025. Used pandas.pydata.org to research the function of agg, drop, duplicated, accessed January 2025.
